analysis_result.md, before:

# Multiple training results

**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1679
loss end: 3.7282
batch rate: 7820/88394
heads number: 64
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: I did not note
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1834
loss end:  3.7681
batch rate: 7820/88394
heads number: 16
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 761
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 14,000
loss start: 7.8421
loss end:  4.4238
batch rate: 9340/70535
heads number: 16
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 1262
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 14,000
loss start: 7.9787
loss end:  4.6414
batch rate: 5590/70535
heads number: 16
layers number: 8
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 706
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1766
loss end:  4.2839
batch rate: 2880/88394
heads number: 16
layers number: 8
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 180
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 
loss end:  
batch rate: 
heads number: 12
layers number: 6
embedding size: 768
block size: 100
spent minutes: 
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************

Commit message:

Specify epoch number in analysis results

analysis_result.md, after:

# Multiple training results

**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1679
loss end: 3.7282
batch rate: 7820/88394 for first epoch
heads number: 64
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: I did not note
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1834
loss end:  3.7681
batch rate: 7820/88394 for first epoch
heads number: 16
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 761
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 14,000
loss start: 7.8421
loss end:  4.4238
batch rate: 9340/70535 for first epoch
heads number: 16
layers number: 12
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 1262
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 14,000
loss start: 7.9787
loss end:  4.6414
batch rate: 5590/70535 for first epoch
heads number: 16
layers number: 8
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 706
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 7.1766
loss end:  4.2839
batch rate: 2880/88394 for first epoch
heads number: 16
layers number: 8
embedding size: 1024
block size: 100
spent minutes: 180
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
Vocab size: 10,000
loss start: 
loss end:  
batch rate: 
heads number: 12
layers number: 6
embedding size: 768
block size: 100
spent minutes: 
learning rate start from: 0.0007
**************************************************
